All permutation simulation (#190)
cs-24-sw-8-04/scheduling: README.md

cargo build
```

> # Simulation
> When you want to simulate, you have to recreate the database, to ensure that the database does not have any old data.
> Go to the backend directory and execute the following
> ## Windows
> >> .\make_new_db.bat
> 
> ## Linux & Mac
> >> ./make_new_db.sh
> 
> After that, the backend shall be executed in simulator mode
> >> cargo run -- --simulator
> 
> Then open a new terminal in the simulator directory and modify the parameters in the compare function in `simulator/src/compare_alforithms.rs` to match the simulation.
> It is important that the available wattage match the tasks, so given n tasks the available watt per timeslot should be [1000; 2*505n], but you may round the calculated number up to a "nicer" number. 
> When that is done, simply run the simulation
> >> cargo run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Simulation
## Prepare Database
When you want to simulate, you have to recreate the database, to ensure that the database does not have any old data.
Go to the backend directory and execute the following
### Windows
>> .\make_new_db.bat

### Linux & Mac
>> ./make_new_db.sh

## Run backend in simulator mode
After that, the backend shall be executed in simulator mode
>> cargo run -- --simulator

## Set parameters for the simulation
Then open a new terminal in the simulator directory and modify the parameters in the compare function in `simulator/src/compare_alforithms.rs` to match the simulation.
It is important that the available wattage match the tasks, so given n tasks the available watt per timeslot should be [1000; 2*505n], but you may round the calculated number up to a "nicer" number. 

## Run simulation
When the parameters are set, simply run the simulation
>> cargo run
```
